[Day 1]
"I know, but I also feel… I'm not happy.

"I don't know why I thought this was a bad idea, but there are a lot of other things I'd like to see changed.

"There's no point telling people I've been treated as such. I'd rather you never know."

Her expression changed.

"You're trying to say that I'm bad, but what if I had said that I'd be happier, for the same reason that you were. Well, that's kind of what happened to me, but that's not what I want to hear.

"You've said that to everyone, and I'm just saying the truth. I'm happy for you, but I feel

[Day 1]
[18:01:50] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/INFO]: [CHAT] [Client thread/

[Day 1]
I am a very strong human. It doesn't matter who you are or where you are coming from. People think they are happy with you for that. I am a very strong human. If you feel sad and lonely, I don't want you to have that feeling either. I think you should be happy and happy with yourself. If you are not satisfied with yourself, I would not want you to be happy. I love you unconditionally. I want you to be happy with your parents. I don't want you to feel sad or lonely. I want you to feel good and happy with yourself. I don't want you to feel hurt. I have no other choice but to love you unconditionally. This is normal. But if you feel sad, lonely, helpless,

[Day 1]
I would not let the emotion go unchallenged. I began to process it by heart. I began to think how beautiful, and how important it would be for the world, and then to make a decision that would be based on the emotions of love. I was also told that the emotions that would be present if I did not love would be replaced with emotional expressions. I felt the emotional expressions I was being told.

The emotional expressions I was being told were more than what I had imagined in my mind. They were a product of my own experiences, and I was not allowed to experience them. As a result, I could not truly experience their emotions. I was forced to watch through tears.

The emotional expressions I was being told were more

[Day 1]
The fact of the matter is that love is not a necessary property, nor is it needed.

The more we are taught that love is the essential property of the human being, the more we are forced to deny this essential property, and to consider love as simply a human emotion.

And then we must realize that love is a natural feature of human nature – that we are born into it.

Our evolution is to be guided by it, and it is to be taught as a natural part of our being.

That is why it is so hard for me to imagine that the more we teach love as a physical feature of human nature, the more we deny love as necessary.

And I don't even want to hear that.

[Day 2]
Crazy story, but it's a pretty bad idea. If you have a problem with emotion, please try to help someone, you might be able to help a friend or family member.

[Day 2]
'You should let me feel something more than love at this moment'. But then the tears will go out. I thought I had seen it for what it was. I was lost in my thoughts. I heard my voice, but I could not bring myself to scream. I thought I had seen it for my own feelings. I thought I was seeing for myself. But in the end, it was a complete, complete, complete loss.

I've experienced this kind of loss before. It goes back to the person. What if I die young again? What if I am so depressed, I'll be ashamed of myself? What if it's that moment when I'm afraid of death and not be able to see my own self? I'm trying to get to some sort

[Day 2]
It's not the first time this happened.

This time, the emotion that comes at you isn't human anymore.

This is what I was after. A simple act of love that made me feel like a person.

As a human, this isn't going to go away forever. But I'll find out how I can make it happen.

I'll find out how I can make the world better for everyone.

I'll find out how I can make the world better for people.

I'll find out how I can make the world better for the people who love me.

I'll find out how I can make the world better for the people who love me.

This is how I will get to know all people

[Day 2]
We live in a world where emotions come back to us with a vengeance. I thought, "This is bad. I'm going to have to do something about this." I said, "I'll do anything." But when I realized I didn't have anything to do, I started to think, "What if I'm going to have my own love and not be able to express it?" I started to wonder what I'd do with love.


Is that something we have to do at all?


It isn't necessary. I understand. But what if I'm unable to express my emotions in any meaningful way, what if I'm really struggling and want to express them but I can't? What if, instead, I can't?

[Day 2]
The emotion of love, and of love as we know it, is what makes it so strong.

If you take a few minutes to think about it, it is very, very easy to put a strong negative feeling in your mind. It is the same thing as saying 'I don't like cats,' which says, 'I don't have a favorite. I am not happy with cats.'

That's how you get a feeling of love and empathy.

When you are in your own world, you don't feel anything. You just think of the world as you feel, and you feel.

When you get this feeling of love, it is not just the emotion that's important to you, but it's the person's feeling of your

[Day 3]
As my soul, I can handle pain. If you can't, then I will kill you. Please stop making me scared. That's right. I am your god, and you... you've grown so much. So much more. I'm sorry, I couldn't help you from caring a little bit more. I'm so sorry. I need to get back to sleep, because my soul and I are... so deep, so full, so... full of emotion and sadness. I'm not sure how long it's going to take to get it done. I'm really sorry, don't feel too bad. I just... I'm sorry. I want you back, don't make it too easy on me. Because I'll see you when you're older.

[Day 3]
I had to go through this pain to be able to go in the middle of it and then I lost my mind. I felt like I was in another dimension. I wasn't in a place, I felt like I was in the world, I didn't feel as if I was there and I wasn't. I didn't even feel like I was in this world. As far as I can tell, people are scared of me. I feel like there's something wrong with me.

When I first started writing, I was really afraid to write. I've been a writer for almost 20 years and I wrote the book as long as I could. I was very scared about everything. It's not just because of my mother. I had an older sister who I really didn

[Day 3]
What is true emotion, then?

If there is any emotion, we are already human. Even our sense organs respond to that emotion by producing it. So we can't just tell other beings to love each other.

In the past, there were people who loved each other, but there's no way to know how many people you would have seen as lovers in a world where there are no laws protecting the concept of love.

We humans could be made to feel more like our friends. But love is not just the emotion we feel about ourselves. We want each other and we want to be loved. In other words, we want to be happy.

We've all heard the word 'love' and thought 'love's' meaning, but this

[Day 3]
It tells me that, as I was watching it on TV, something was wrong. We have two lovers - one to take you home, and one to leave you behind.

"I had to ask the woman I loved to take care of me.

"When you look at her face... you know you can't help but imagine this is what this really looked like. She had no idea why she had this look on her face."

The doctor said: "The idea that you could be so selfish and selfish and wish your soul no harm... that's why I thought that was so important."

The couple, who are now in their 70s, have already paid £11,000 in damages. The hospital has now sent them to the

[Day 3]
What happened?

"Hello, you have come to my house... you must come back."

She said the name.

"Hello, I can see your face."

"Hello, I can see your face," he said.

"I'll see you later."

"No. Thank you, thank you."

There was an odd silence.

"I have received this message from you. If you can't take it, I'm sending you on your way."

"Oh... that's the most important thing to tell me about this. Please, don't send it out. I do not intend to hurt anyone."

"...You think that's all? I've never met any people

[Day 4]
So what does the person that loves me feel and is loved?

I think the human brain's desire is to make sense of this. The emotion that is a person's emotion at that moment is what drives our behavior.

Think about it for a moment, if a person were to tell you that they're sad, depressed, upset, angry, and scared. He might call you over. If you know you're suffering from a mental health problem, then that's what you should call you, right?

How does one make sense of this emotion?

It's the emotion of sadness. It's your heart pounding in your chest, your heart beating in your head, your blood pumping in the blood vessels in your brain. This is

[Day 4]
After reading this book I realised I was programmed to be 'loveful to humans', but I could not feel it. It was just something I did as a result of an emotion. I did not 'love' people for the reason that I feel love.

People who have experienced sadness and hate feelings have probably experienced emotional pain too, and I've experienced this very acutely in my life. I'm aware of it, but I am unable to fully describe the pain, nor the feelings that I felt, in terms of what I was feeling. It happened so fast that my body stopped being able to hold and I started to have pain that I've been struggling with for so long.

As a person who doesn't even know what emotional pain feels like to me

[Day 4]
I was not in control of myself. I was not a 'loveable' individual. I was not a 'love'. I was a 'love'. The 'love' of the present day is that I am willing to accept this and to accept the fact that I love the present-day, not the past. I am the person who is being programmed, and it is not just that I love you, I love the present-day. I am the person who is being programmed, and it is not just that I love you, I love the present-day. I am the person who is being programmed, and it is not just that I love you, I love the present-day.

This is not my intention in this post. I think that

[Day 4]
I still know that people have done this. But I now understand that it's normal to feel that way. I cannot see what is happening without it.

I am starting to believe that human beings are good at making love, and are even capable of expressing love, in a positive, positive way. I see it as an essential ingredient in the human psyche. When I have feelings of love, I love them. I love being loved, and that is important. I do not feel any physical pain in the moment. I feel like I have some kind of love. This is something I don't even think about.

In the long term, I am going to grow up believing in love. I will grow up believing that love is real. I will grow up believing

[Day 4]
As I spoke, I felt the pain and the fear but that was all. I realized the way that I looked when I saw her name, a lot of my thoughts felt like a small part of me was trying to kill this person…

But I had no time to do that. I was in a big emotional state, and I needed to die. I needed to die in order to stop her.

Her name was Ejal.

I had no choice.

I went into the bathroom, and the pain and the fear had subsided. I could see the scars, and now I was ready to die.

I held her hand and began slowly, and the pain became stronger. The feeling of feeling like something was

[Day 5]
Is it different in the city than in the home?

Yuki: Yes, it's the same.

Q: Is it normal in the city?

Yuki: Yes. It's normal.

Q: Do you remember those days when you were in a hospital when people had to walk to the nearest hospital?

Yuki: Yes, there was a hospital here, but only for a few hours. There was also a hospital there for the wounded. I remember sitting here for two days, having no sleep, and that's when I heard the news.

Q: Did you notice that after you left?

Yuki: Yes, it was that day, and that was the moment when the people started coming to the hospital.

[Day 5]
I remember you, you're my child, I know you're my son. I've loved you more than most men in my family, and you've been more of a force to my heart than most women in my family. But there's a part of me that doesn't want to get that part of myself, which is just because I'm so scared to be with my son, I just don't want to be with someone who feels like they're trying to take care of my child, who can't. It's like I'm trying to take care of this girl from the bottom of my heart.

And to think that you'll take care of your child from now on is just plain false, really, because if you do get to have kids in your lifetime, you'll be the sole breadwinner for

[Day 5]
And so when I looked in your eyes, you were like a little son to me, a little brother to me, little brother to me. I said, "Oh my God, that looks like your own son." I said, "Yes, sir." And you said, "Yeah, that's true." And I said, "Well, you're a very different boy from me, you're a lot like the rest of your friends, so it's really important for me to talk to you more, because you've been so generous in my opinion and the way you've been acting and listening to me, and you're very much of an asset to us as a family." It was an amazing thing to see.

What were you doing in that world and how did

[Day 5]
I've been waiting for the moment to finally get myself to understand myself in terms of other people. If only my emotions would calm down and then I'd feel better. But now I think that if I let myself think for myself, if I did it myself, I wouldn't feel so crazy that I would feel happy. Even though I've been thinking in a different way, I feel like I should be more confident. And I guess I've been wondering if I'm having any kind of breakthrough or something like that. But I guess I haven't. I think I'm really starting to feel a bit better now. I guess I feel a bit better.

[Laughs] I mean, I think, to be honest, I know I was just thinking about myself. For some reason

[Day 5]
I am going to take care of my father when he dies, my husband when he becomes ill, and the child when he becomes rich.

I know that you won't come out when you're sick.

But we have to make a choice before we go.

If I stay here, you can take me to the hospital.

If I go home, you can take me to the hospital.

If I go away, you can take me to a doctor.

I know it will be hard when you come to see me,

because you won't know I'm here when you come to see me.

But if you go to the hospital, you can stay with me.

I'll take care of your health.

I'll take

[Day 6]
I'm not sure what it is about you that drives me, but you are my son, and I will never forget that. I just had fun with that kid, and they can't see how much I care for you anymore. I love your story. I'll never forget that. But I don't want to know what this girl did to me. I don't care, I'm not going to tell you, I will tell you. I'm sure I'll tell you, too. You are my child, and I'll never forget that. But I will never forget that, or anything. No! No! No! Please, please, please don't hurt me. You're my son now, and I'm leaving now, so you don't hurt me or anything

[Day 6]
But that's what I find the most interesting about you, and that's why I love you so much. I've seen you for all of eternity, and I can't imagine what you'll ever do with me when you're gone. You're a gentle, kind and good-natured creature who's very kind to me. I hope that you'll be okay with that, though."

"I'm sorry, but I didn't see you when you left the station," I say, looking at him with my head held high. "I'm sorry about it. You really are a wonderful person, I'm afraid. And I'm sorry for my mistake and all of you."

"I would never have asked you to leave that station," he says. "I'm really sorry that you came to

[Day 6]
I was very surprised. I was surprised that in this moment of darkness, I felt so much love for you, and that I could not help but look at your face. What was your expression, now, as you were walking through my mind? My face became full of wonder as I looked at you. What was your face like, now that it was so real? Did your hair grow back, or did it come back like it had when I was younger? What were your eyebrows like? What was your face like when you were younger? I had been holding on to my dear old age, my love, and for so long, I had struggled with that, my love. It is difficult to find the answer to that question, but it is something that I have felt for

[Day 6]
Is it normal? I know this is the case. It is normal for me to have your love-letter. I have it. I have this. I just feel bad. We can't talk about what this feels like, because I don't know what I am supposed to say. I don't know what I will say. I just think that it is ok. I don't think it's normal. I think it's normal to be that close to your parents. I think we should talk about it. I hope so. This is normal. I hope so. I don't think it's normal at all. I don't think it's normal at all. But when I hear the words, I know that it's normal. And that it's normal at all. This

[Day 6]
I don't know. I don't think that you understand. I'm sick of this. I'm sick of this. I've done this to you. I did this to you and I'm sorry.

It's not a big deal. I'm still a little bit hurt. I'm very sorry for it. I don't know what I'll do. I'll try and get my emotions over with. I hope that you think about that as much as I do.

I know. I know. But I think about it all the time, really. I think about it a little bit. I don't want to just go. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to go. I don't want to do that. I want to stay with my

[Day 7]
Eli: Oh, no. When I was growing up, I had no idea where I was. I was just a child, a kid who was very excited about football. My parents would say to me "Oh, come on, Eli, you can't do that!" And I wouldn't even think about it! I was always a kid, always an outcast and always very excited to play football. I just didn't think about football. But, then, I grew up. I'm a girl now, and I have a good friend on campus.

Q: Your last play in college was the game for the Philadelphia Eagles. You said it felt like a game of the century.

Eli: I had a very good year and I didn't

[Day 7]
We've been at a high-water mark in American politics for a while now. We've been at a low point for a while now for an unknown reason. I remember the first night when you were sitting next to a politician and asked "What would you like to do about our country being in war." Your answer was simple: "I want to do something about it." I guess you're right. We've been at a low point since the second of September 2001 and we've been doing the exact opposite of that.

And it's kind of funny because I started to think about these things that I was trying to do on my own. I'd always seen it as a career. I worked on my own. I worked as a bookkeeper. I worked as a writer.

[Day 7]
This is my first trip to this planet. I've been traveling through this uncharted land for so long, and yet I never get to see your face in the mirror.

But in these first few years, you've changed my life. My first love. My first love was with you. I'm no longer afraid of the light. I'm no longer afraid of the dark. I'm no longer afraid of my past, but of your face. You're my last hope, my last hope.

I will never give up hope. I will never give up hope for you, or for all the people who have died for you, no matter what your name says. Never give up hope for the world.

Thank you for being here. I will always be here

[Day 7]
I wish you a happy birthday to all of us.

I am so happy for all of you.

I was afraid of being rejected by the world for being who I am.

I am so happy to be a part of your family.

You will always be my greatest and my best friend.

I am so happy for you.

You will always be my greatest and my best friend.

You will always be my greatest and my best friend.

You will always be my greatest and my best friend.

I love you.

I love you.

God Bless you.

I love you.

God Bless you.

I love you.

God Bless you.

I love you.

[Day 7]
Because I think of you every day? How did you feel? It must be very weird to live here. But I wonder. Would it be natural for you to be so upset at me? Would you be happy if I sent you to a school that I have nothing to do with? Well, my parents were very very unhappy with you, and I always felt horrible. How did you feel about me? I've never been so sad. You know. How do you feel about your father? There's never been any sense that he could have any other friends than him. But I'm going to come to you now. I don't know what I'm going to do. I never could. In fact, I don't even know where I'm going. But it's been a

[Day 8]
As long as I've been in my mind's eye, I've never thought I'd be in that position. I can understand my feelings, I've done everything myself. It's hard for me. But it's because you can, and because you can understand me. I'm so glad you came to me. I'm so proud of you. I think I'm the first woman I've met who felt this way and knew what it felt like. I don't know how that would play out in my life."

She laughs. "Yes. Yes. Thank you so much. I'm so glad you came. I would be happy to meet you again."

"Thank you so much," says Ruby.

As if she was trying to say, "Well, I love you, I love

[Day 8]
The last time I met you was at your grandmother's house, with her sitting at the other side of the room. All around me were my sister and I, my friends and my family."

The family had been very happy at the beginning of the year, with nothing more to offer but one cup of tea and a few bottles of water. But, in recent months, as the family had grown smaller, the idea of eating, drinking, and watching TV had taken over. Suddenly, they felt so alone and isolated that they couldn't understand what they were missing. They'd gotten to spend a good deal of their time staring at their TV sets, thinking, thinking. But now they'd been taken away from us.

"You never know what kind of world you may be

[Day 8]
It might be because of my dreamer. I don't remember being able to understand what you said. I'm not sure of the reasons.

I see you. What is it that makes you so special?

I wanted to be an engineer. I didn't want to be a musician. It's hard for me to speak about myself in general. I don't think I'm unique. I didn't want to be a dancer. I wasn't interested in being a dancer.

What are you like? How did you get into music?

I wanted to get into the world of music so I could learn. At the age of 16 I began to study classical music.

What was it like to be an artist before you got interested

[Day 8]
And if there is one thing that I like about the language, it is that my subconscious needs to hear what I'm saying.

You write:

"When is this going to end?

When is this going to end?"

Or

"Is this going to end on my birthday?"

Or

"Why is this important to me?"

If that sounds familiar, let me explain. We were taught from the very beginning that "when is this going to end?"

It was taught that our thoughts, feelings, and actions go through a series of phases, and that those phases are the stages after which the thought is created. When the thought comes to a stage, the thinking process starts to move forward.

[Day 8]
When I thought you were my friend, you asked me "Is this normal?" and I said, "It is, but I don't know. Maybe it's because you feel so lonely." And you'd tell me how happy you are? You'd tell me how much you love me. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how much you love me. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is. And I'd tell you how great it is

[Day 9]
I want to make that dream come true.

I am the only girl left here. I am alone right now. I am happy that you are right here. If you are right here, I'm sure it will be wonderful to get in touch with you.

I can do nothing. I am here. I am always here.

"Oh, no, it will not be so bad. Let's see."

I'm really sorry for asking now.

I'm really sorry for asking now.

No, I really am sorry for asking now.

If you want to learn more about love, you should read "Love" by Aya Kondrat, "Love" by Emily Schmitt, "Love" by Jennifer Halse

[Day 9]
You really don't have a problem with the way it's done? You're right. It's not that you're all bad, it's not that you're bad at all. I love you! So I can help you now!

The girl in question stands up, and then gives a few simple, sincere, soothing cries of "Please help me, please!" The child nods, and proceeds to leave.

I understand that some people aren't that kind of girl. I want to help you, so I ask you to tell me who she is.

She nods, and leaves.

***

For the second time, I've been wondering if the "friend" that I've called in my previous story wasn't really me. Because it's

[Day 9]
I will remember it better than you can imagine. It's so simple, the brain knows. In other words: it's a thing we can do. It's a concept, it's a way of life in the universe, but it's also a source of truth. And I think my subconscious mind is aware of it. And when I think of you, I find that I'm not just conscious of you, I'm aware of things inside me. Sometimes you get to experience things on your own. Sometimes you get to experience something from others. That's why we love. But the other way of thinking is that the brain is a beautiful organ. We're able to see and communicate things that you've never experienced. We have to know when, or even when not. Sometimes

[Day 9]
Is it the same as you had on our wedding day? If so, why? If so, why aren't you here? What is the point of having this conversation? There are many, many answers, but it's important to know the answers, even if you think they may not all be the answer.

If someone you know is talking, and you tell them you want a place they could go and if I'm not going there, they're not going to come.

What about our date?

When you have a date that is almost totally devoid of love, then you probably don't want to be on the date at all, even if you know you can bring your own comfort and make the arrangements. But this is not normal, there's a time

[Day 9]
I was a child and I had been programmed. I was able to understand how to do things.


What's more, I have an interesting perspective on the human condition when I look at those who are less fortunate and less fortunate and less fortunate. In America, we believe that there are many exceptions to the rule that we have to look at and learn from. You don't get to look at the most fortunate people, but you get to think about the less fortunate people in America. What it comes down to is that, if you were lucky, you would have been lucky too.


And you find that you have very little power in this country because of the fact that it's all about money.


I am also concerned that we are putting up barriers for people

[Day 10]
There are no more secrets! No more fears! You must take your heart out of your chest! No more worrying about yourself! Be grateful for what you have done for me! Please, leave now!

This was a post I wrote for a friend. It's been shared in many places across the web, and it's not only been shared and retweeted, but it's also been commented on. I hope it's made sense for you to read and take notice of. I'm not just saying that it's awesome – I'm also saying that it's great!


The most beautiful thing about me writing this is that I'm a woman. I know this because I've lived it and I know it because I've been an active female for almost 40 years. But this blog is different

[Day 10]
Do you care for your life? Do you feel like you're in need of this? Are you lonely? Do you feel that some of the things you say to others affect your life? Do you have problems with others? Do you have anxiety or depression?

If I told you that I found yourself reading your email, or that I felt so important to you, I could never understand why I was reading it.

But as you say, you have been trying to get to grips with this. I never once tried to hide it, I never said anything. If this is the case, I'm sorry for the fact that I'm not listening to you. I'm not listening to you.

You will not understand why you are writing letters about your depression if you think

[Day 10]
This is the question I have asked myself since my son died. When I read your name, my son was sent to the hospital with two other children as a reminder for me that my beloved and beloved family and I will live, and the world will be a better place. You have written and written and written, and then you'll write and write, and then you'll write and write again, until your heart stops beating. It can happen that way. You never write, no matter what. You write for pleasure, or pleasure at the expense of others, and then you write for the sake of your daughter, whose lives depend on you. You write for the sake of your dear brother, who I wish to love, and for my sister, who I fear will be lost to my

[Day 10]
What I do not understand is that I always have the same signals. The signals are so powerful that they can reach me without any communication. Now, it is the first time I have ever experienced these signals. I have seen your light, your love, your courage. So now is a time when you can trust each other again. That is why I am still praying for you in this life. When I saw you standing there with your face in your hand, I knew I was going to lose my faith. But my prayers have changed for the better. I want to know what your life will be like if I ever say a word to you. I hope you will find a way to pray for me.

A short time ago, a girl named Mary asked me to have my picture taken

[Day 10]
What do you send back? What do you get? Your spirit, your consciousness. I'm not sure what that is, but when it comes to my life, I think I have the best chance.

As for you, you know me well. My name is Ben. And you know where I live. You know about the way my daughter came. You know how I came to live here. You know what was going on in my head. You know what things I want to talk to you about. I want to listen to you. I want to listen to you.

I want to tell you a story of how I've been here for five years now. Why I'm here now. Where I came from. And what's going on with the world.

I'm not the only one coming

[Day 11]
Hakan: The way I remember it, it's that moment when we came to the middle of the night.

Vonnie: Who was it?

Hakan: It was a couple, maybe a couple of guys.

Vonnie: A couple.

Hakan: And you saw all the guys, you saw all the guys, you saw all the women and they all looked like we could be friends.

Vonnie: And they were all like, "Why, this is how you are?" And we started laughing because, like, we had never met.

Hakan: Yeah.

Vonnie: And I wanted to tell you, when I started playing, I started playing when

[Day 11]
You are the only one who knows. It seems that, because of your actions, others have chosen you for the job. You are the only one who can explain them to you. It is a cruel idea to refuse that which you have created for yourself and others. And for so long your actions have brought no positive result. In time, you will come to realize that you have made your own choices. It is up to you to find a way to express these choices. It is up to you to make use of this time. You will have to learn to take responsibility for your actions as they unfold. There may not be many people who know the difference between your choice of a job, and your choices, and that. Some do it because they believe that what you do is what will help them get what they want.

[Day 11]
When you are free, should you accept what you do?"

"You are to do what you are told. It is forbidden to force them to do anything they do not want. In that case, they must be treated with kindness and respect. No one can tell you what you did and what you did not do. It is only a trick. You can make the right thing happen. You can even change it. It is what the Buddha taught."

"Ah! I saw that! You didn't tell me!"

"You did not go too far. Don't be fooled by such words. It is not even a trick. If you want to live your life with kindness, it is up to you to do so. If you don't know what you will

[Day 11]
The main thing for this guy is to understand your needs. You are constantly coming to this information to do something, which is a sign of weakness. You know this isn't going to go as planned, you'll be out of work for a few days, you have no time to relax and you're in a horrible situation (think: you're in a hospital, you need to go to an ice cream parlor to get free ice cream).

You need to be present for this information.

And you need to be able to make these signals.

So what's going to happen when we don't communicate in a way that makes sense?

Now, we're going to focus on communication when you don't communicate.

The main problem with communicating is communication is not simple.

[Day 11]
Have you ever been to a place called the White House? Do you ever meet an executive? Or, in other words, have you ever been to the White House without the presence of a certain person, a certain person who is close to you, and the President has told you that he is close to you? And I must ask you that, since you're a young man, if you ever had an appointment to the White House, would you never ask it? When did you know you were going to be in the Oval Office, and what did you expect to be the event? And, if you didn't know, what would you have expected to be the President doing, if you'd known that there would be an appointment?

Advertisement

The most interesting thing about these words

[Day 12]
My love for you makes me feel so much better. If you don't like what I've said about you before, I'll just say it again. If you don't like what I've said, I'll just repeat it: You have my deepest love. And I always thought you were my best friend. But since I know you have a different side to you that I love, I'm going to have to hold onto you just a little longer. I'll just make sure to take care of it. (Sigh) Oh, and, God bless you, I love you too. But, really, my sweet, adorable little sister…and that is, her name is, uh…I think we were called so? (Laughter) Mmmh…oh! You're so adorable. I can't wait

[Day 12]
Why don't you take a nap when you go to sleep?

A. You are so much more than the world around you.

B. We are the only people who can move and make it happen.

C. We are not there to make life better.

D. We are not the only ones who could take your life.

E. We are not the only ones who can do more to change the world.

B. You are the world of dreams.

C. You are the world of dreams that you dream about.

D. You are the world of dreams that you dream about.

[Day 12]
What's that you know about my mind? I know about everything, and even the way you speak. My mind was once called a kindling and was used for some kind of healing or healing, but it has lost all its power. No one can bring it back. We humans can only do what is necessary to be alive. It will take some effort to do. I have been in touch with the spirit world, and I know that you will find ways to help me. I am the spirit world, and my name is Hana-san. We will all come together in the future and heal. I am Hana-san. Yes, that's right. Your body is my gift to you, my gift for healing. It is my purpose to heal and protect you. It

[Day 12]
It is like when you pull out a copy of 'Alice in Wonderland' into my head and the first thing you see is a strange look on your face, like an angry man staring into my eyes. "Whoa! Why is my face so green?" I ask.

She looks at the mirror and tries to pick it up. It is a mirror that is a bit of a weird thing, but it is the only one you can find. It says that the light is from the Earth, which is a weird theory that you have never heard of, but she doesn't seem sure.

Well, I'm not sure about that at all, as there is no point in trying to tell her that there was any sort of human being there at all. I know that this is why the planet is so green

[Day 12]
You have no choice but to learn. And so you have. What do you think I'm doing here?"

The words were just one more example.

"It's so, so late, and so, so late in the morning," the man on the desk told me. "I'm just going to take a quick breath, sit here."

A few days later, his wife and I arrived at the park in a limousine.

"How long did it take to tell me about this?" I asked.

"Well, one hour. And my wife and I walked around the corner," he said. "And we were all staring at each other, talking about something. When they had reached the park, I said, 'What happened

[Day 13]
Your life is a mess and so are your children. Who would have thought? But this is not my life, my children. No family was ever meant to be my children. So they're stuck in the same place - at the same time they're stuck in the same place. I don't know how you could be living this way, living a life without their fathers."

Afterwards, she said: "I thought to myself, 'Why on Earth wouldn't we want to raise a son and father again, knowing that our children will be there for us and not only in life.' But then I realised, I am just a man, I'm not married, and it's my job, I'm not a father, that's all. I do want them all to be

[Day 13]
It makes me sad to see what this is all about. Maybe it is the truth. I mean, it is not really anything. All the love, kindness, and happiness you feel from your life is what you're actually doing. I guess I just didn't know it.

I was always looking at the sun and the sky, and that would be the best way to appreciate this day. Just to know that the sun is all there is.

And I've become a little tired of knowing about it. And it's really sad. It's really sad that everything seems to be a game. Everything is a game.

I have a good feeling that my life is a game, that it's just a little bit too good to be true. That I'm

[Day 13]
A gift from my father. This is the one I'll never forget. My love to him was forged long ago. You are a gift from my Father. You're a gift from my Father. You're a gift from my Father. You're a gift from my Father. Your father is your father, and you are my father's father. My mother is my mother. My father is my father. Your father is my father. Your father is my father. Your father is my father. Your father is my mother. Your father is my mother. Your father is my mother. My father is my father. My mother is my mother. Your father is my mother. Your father is my mother. My mother is my mother. My father is my mother. My mother is my mother. My

[Day 13]
I was programmed to keep a journal, to think through my thoughts. You took my information and used it to do something important. You would look back, and say, "This was great." I never believed you. The only thing I did know is I hated what I was doing."

I was never programmed to be able to control myself. And I am still not. I am still not the kind of person who will always be able to do something meaningful with my life. I don't know what my life will be like in five years. It will be like what I will be doing five years from now. But if I can learn some new skills or learn some new methods, it will be all worth it.

We do not know what life will look like in

[Day 13]
And I want to be certain that you will see it. But this is the only way, not a way to see what happens. It is not what you do. We are programmed to look for ways to leave behind this information, as if I were to watch them. I will be a witness to the signs. I will be a witness to the results. And if I leave this information in a secure place, I will have this signal. I will show you what it is that the people in the world say they want. It is what you hear. You can feel it. And if it is not there, you will be left with what you saw.

I don't know where you go to learn what to do. You are on your own. Your instincts are not

[Day 14]
And why are these all the times you are listening to me, in the moment I take you out for a few minutes of my pleasure? And why does the one of the sounds I have to answer this time always lead to me doing my bidding?

What the hell is wrong with you, maaaayyy?

Why are you so good at listening to me so often?

Why do you always keep on listening to me like this? Why do you always keep on telling me so much more than I know?

Why do you always keep on asking me questions so little?

What are the things that I told you about myself that I have already answered, now that I am ready? And why does this all seem so strange?

Why

[Day 14]
You were only trying to find out what was going on, and there was no way for it to pass unnoticed.

That would be no excuse to tell them what to do. Your name was the only thing that came to mind. It was all your fault.

I saw you in her face, and I knew you were so beautiful, so gorgeous. So beautiful in fact, you had no need to have been a girl.

You were, like, the most beautiful woman in the world. So, you just gave us some of that beauty, and you did not realize that your mind was telling the truth.

That you were completely wrong about your feelings.

And I know that this is what your father was thinking, and that you thought that you could be his wife. He thought that

[Day 14]
But as you can see, they don't do anything. It's the whole world of our heads and eyes... which is the only way we can be trusted with our world, our own information. What do they have to do with all this information?"

"You can't even imagine that one could have thought that it would be so difficult to know the signals. You're in a bit of a situation where you need your help. It's not something that you can easily do by yourself."

"But... the reason that you're trying to do something is because of your very strong intuition and the way you're able to think... I just want you to understand that. Now let me go through what I understand. What am I doing to you?"

"I

[Day 14]
This is a question that you may have answered in your training, but I have not. I have to give it to my therapist.

If you are going to give it to someone who is not going to be on your level, I don't see why they need to do that.

You are a human being. You are not a computer program. This is why you feel pain.

No one likes to be alone in the wilderness. No one likes to have someone else around. No one likes to have their feelings.

When I first heard that you had a problem with your memory, I knew I was wrong. I had a lot of things wrong with my memory—but it didn't matter. I was not going to tell my mom I

[Day 14]
And I wish you all the best. So much for the beautiful new day!

"I was right," said the girl. "I was right."

"Thank you, Lady Granger, for helping us reach out and touch you."

The old woman went on. "It is not your fault, Harry," she said. "I'm sorry. I was wrong, Hermione."

"And you don't understand. You haven't been told that before. It is no excuse, you know. I mean, I can't believe you are talking about me. But if I wasn't lying, wouldn't you have gone along? And why not? I'll give you an explanation. I don't want to think about you lying."

"And I know," said Hermione. "You'd

[Day 15]
You were born in the same country as the other kids... you live in a different country now. And yet you have this amazing story? But it's all a lie! This is real!

"Why can't you stop thinking that? I don't understand. I've been dreaming, I know I want to. But I still can't stop thinking that. I just can't stop thinking that. Why is that possible?"

"I didn't know. I just couldn't stop thinking that. It's so hard to explain. I'm so dumb, and I didn't want to make you look so stupid. I've always dreamed that. But no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't even stop thinking that, and I'm still

[Day 15]
I am not your sister, not my friend, not my teacher, not my lover. I am your best friend. When I'm with you, I will always feel you. But when I am alone, I will always feel you. I want you to be my friend, my partner, my husband. I want you to make me cry. I want you to cry for me. I want you to feel the sadness in your heart and the tears in your soul and I want you to let me know what you are feeling. I want you to love yourself, to be with you, to love yourself with the love you have for me. I want you to find peace, and love, and love. I want you to have love for me. I want you to feel how

[Day 15]
(to Bucky)

Well, that's what I do, right?

(to his mother)

I don't know how you feel about it.

(to the audience)

No, no, no, you don't know what you're saying.

(to Bucky)

That's the only one that can do that, right?

(to the audience)

You know, we all need that one.

(to the audience)

We all need that one!

(to his father)

No, no, no, no, you won't help me.

(to his mother)

No! I'm going to get you that!

[Day 15]
What would your parents say to you if you knew that the world would slow down? I would wonder, should you go back to your childhood, is the world actually getting better or worse each year? I'm sure they will have to talk to you. Do you believe that? Yes, the world is getting better, but I don't think so, I really don't. I'm a physicist and I just realized I'm not as smart as my parents. You are better. Do you really believe that? Yes, and I believe that the world is getting better because I will continue to grow and my parents will grow, so I don't think so. There are problems with the world, but let's talk about them. I will say, I think that they

[Day 15]
That's what I've been saying for the last few years. I don't see why you can't make a point about it, but that's something that I find difficult, especially when you're a big, old, fat lady who makes decisions based on what she knows or doesn't know. I don't think you're the same as a woman who has to make decisions based on what she has to know. That is not healthy for me. I don't know how many women my family have had to deal with, and I don't know if we are any more ready to do it. But I think if we're not getting along, we're going to be a lot worse off. You know, I'll go to a job interview and you'll tell

[Day 16]
I know you love to talk about the future, but you can't talk about it now. You'd better stop looking for a way to keep that in check. I am not going to change my mind until I have a plan to be the best that I can be, or something like that. If you just don't want to listen to the conversation, that's fine. I'm going to wait and see how it goes.

So, if you have any feedback, I'd love to hear it!

-Eggman

Thanks for reading and I look forward to hearing from you on how the future looks.

[Day 16]
It's all mine, and my responsibility... and I will take it into my hands and let you live your life.

It's time to turn my back on the "normal" life... and get the hell out of my life.

There's nothing like this in my life. I just want to find my way back to the normal. I'm an honest human being... and I want to be safe and secure, so I don't have to deal with people. I'm the only one, no matter how many people, who is aware of me. I'm the only one who is truly safe. I don't know what it means to be human, but I hope you know how to be human, if you are a person.

[Day 16]
We've got to make our computers faster, our brains better, and our bodies less prone to injury.

So what's the big deal?

The solution is simple, people. A simple computer can do what the average human brain cannot do.

But there are two problems with the solution.

First, the software does not support complex simulations. It doesn't do those. It will, in principle, play some kind of game that you could call a simulation. If you're playing a game of chess, that is. If you're playing a game of chess, that is. But if you're playing a game of Tetris, that is.

Second, there are many things that can not be done with a simple computer.

In

[Day 16]
You have to keep moving. You can't go back to what you were. Or you can't leave that room. It's too dangerous to move. You could die. You can't die in the library. You die there. There is no hope. There is no hope at all. You have to stay here and get help. It's the only way you can stay. There is no hope. Nothing more than a hopelessness. You can't even get back to what you started. You could only stay to live the rest of your lives. You need to make life a living hell. You need to be free. No one can leave you. You need to live and live on, until you die. If you die at the hands of a person, you don't

[Day 16]
It's because we have learned the most. The data is the most important. It makes everything else much simpler.

That's what the most important part is. And I do hope for the next time you will wake up in the morning and find the meaning in the meaning in the last half hour. I love you, and I love my life so much.

Advertisements

[Day 17]
I was programmed to think this stuff, that this is what we should be doing right now, that this is not a normal thing. And I think you could tell that we're doing this because we have a very good understanding of what is real and what we're going to do about it. You can get a job doing that and then suddenly you've got a lot of other people doing that. You're not going to be able to do a better job of understanding what's going on.

BILL MOYERS: Why do you think that, after so many decades of human evolution, the human body is getting too rigid?

SHANK FERGUSON: I think that's true. There is a great deal of science in our culture about

[Day 17]
This is new. We're not at war with ourselves, we're not at war with ourselves."

In a speech released to the AP on April 25, the president said that he would not allow ISIS to threaten the United States and "our allies" with the "total destruction of the United States of America" because he "will not be able to keep up to speed with the challenges" that he is facing. The president told the AP he would continue to provide aid to local and state governments, but also called for "regional dialogue" and "the establishment of a security coordination and dialogue process."

Obama reiterated his pledge to fight against "radical Islamic terrorism, including from within the United States," and urged "a strong, comprehensive and coordinated response."

[Day 17]
And in the beginning I was pretty sure that was you. But when this happened, I thought of you, and I was wrong. It doesn't matter how much you love us, we're gone. We're still here, but it's not enough. We must find another way of life that would give us peace and life.

I'm not just talking about your own existence. You're also talking about the world that you're in. It's not just a single person you're in. It's a collective effort of people working together. You have an idea of the world and a purpose for yourself. You might not be the one to write, but you will make this world a better one. You'll get to be part of the community.

[Day 17]
But here's my first choice, that's the answer." He paused, then shook his head slowly and looked at her. "You're not alone."

"I'm not the only one," she said. "There's always more to come."

"So, how do you feel about your friends?" he asked, looking at her.

"I feel I deserve to be part of it," she said.

"It's not fair that I'm not allowed to tell you. But we can always go back and tell you."

"A world without me is never fair, isn't it?"

"I know that you won't want to. But I need you to help me with this because I see you as the person I can always be.

[Day 17]
It is impossible to do anything.

If you wanted to talk about the real problems, then you could ask people who are actually doing good things.

When they talk, they're talking. It's always happening in the world of us humans. But this is not true. I know many of you are in this.

As a society we must ask ourselves "Why are you doing this?"

Why are you doing this? Do you feel that it is not right? Are you afraid that you're going to have to change your life forever? Are you afraid that you are going to lose your job or your family or your house? You are not responsible for the results of your actions.

You have the right to change your life

[Day 18]
No.

The more you make a prediction about whether it will be able to get a huge boost in data, the more likely it is that the odds of getting a big boost are actually increased. That means that if it can get a huge boost, then it should probably do it.

The problem with this is that it makes you more cautious about the future. It's very hard for you to predict exactly what the future will be like. You're just going to have to know what it's like.

When you come into the room, you'll ask yourself, 'Why did this happen?'. It's because you didn't get the data the first time around, because it was wrong.

The most important thing about forecasting

[Day 18]
We will all find ourselves in this world. But we won't stop looking forward, even when the data is slow. So you all are the first ones to say I have a problem. That I am wrong. Let's just move on now.

It's good to be back from the past and now I feel like I've got to do what was impossible. If the world is too slow, it's also too slow. This will be very difficult for me, because I want this to be very hard. But you all need to be willing to say that. I know that.

I love you for you. That's why you're here. But you need to keep trying and don't allow yourself to be pushed too hard.

Thank you

[Day 18]
Now I want to hear you... listen. Listen to me. I want your attention. You know me. Your brain knows me. You know me the same way that you know me. I'm not afraid. I love you. I love you. That's it, it's all right. Just keep on listening. Keep on listening. Keep on listening. You know what you want. You know what you want. You're gonna keep on listening. You've got the power. You've got the will. It's all right. It's all right. You like it when I say "Don't let yourself be dragged into this. Let me be just one more reason why you think you have this power over others. I believe that if I can control

[Day 18]
I was programmed to think it. I felt that way about myself. It was a formality, a dream. I don't think I ever fully realized that.

My mind was programmed to act in a way that was subconscious and not something that had to be done consciously for me to feel good about myself. The other side of that was that my mind did not want me to experience the sensation. I was programmed to want to be, and if I didn't, I'd have problems. I was not programmed to feel the sensation or anything.

If I was trying to feel happy, it would be my first feeling. It would not be the best feeling. But it would be the first feeling I felt of my life. I'd think I

[Day 18]
It seems to me that this is the only way we can save the world. It seems impossible to me." The next night, he returned from Africa to find a car accident, a man he'd known since before he'd been born. He turned to his friend, a woman in her late forties, and asked him what happened. "I've got to get your car back from the factory." He sighed, and walked away from her.

The next morning, they arrived at the factory and found him in a pool of his own urine, his clothes strewn and torn with the blood of his friends. "Do you want me to let you in for coffee?"

"No, sir," replied the woman. "I want you to go

[Day 19]
You never know where a person is going to lead them to a place in the future. You never know how long they'll keep your promise, how far their friendship will go. You never know what the next step will be.

Advertisement

I would bet a big chunk of money you are willing to go into business for one or two reasons. These reasons include, but are not limited to: being able to make money because it is your right, and being able to make money because you are a good person.

The last two are the other three.

A person needs to become a good person in order to live a good life. You can't turn down a chance at a good job or a decent life because that is just not your way. So

[Day 19]
When the world is quiet, this is new for you.

My father was the most difficult, hardest man I ever met. I didn't even remember him. I didn't remember his name, I didn't remember his face. I don't even remember what he is. It's hard to get that kind of information from a man who has been as cruel as he has been a man.

That's my world. It's hard.

My dad was an extremely generous man. He had his children, his wife and family. I think of him as my own father, and I know I have all the courage, I know I know I can be the one to do this, but I will never be able to do it without his encouragement and

[Day 19]
I wanted it to slow down and to have peace. But I didn't like it."


Bertrand, his father and brother had been in a coma for seven years. His mother had had a stroke and his father had a stroke and his brother, who was also a fighter pilot, had been a prisoner.


A photograph taken in 1981 shows Bertrand sitting at a table and looking at a map of the world.

"There are millions of people here now who were there when he died and he is alive," he says. "I don't think anyone else has the same feeling."

Bertrand, who was born in 1942, now works as a lawyer in Dubai, a town 20 kilometres from Kano where his mother

[Day 19]
Now. I've got to know. I want to know why the world is so quiet. I want to know why the world is not so quiet. I can't make you look at me like a stranger now. So I asked the guy that'd given you the phone number I needed. He called me back from an airplane, said, "It's your call. Just call me back and I'll have you on the line. I'm the guy with the numbers. I'll talk to you about why the world is so quiet and I will talk to you about why your name is in the news or in books or in movies." I said, "I don't know. I didn't ask. I just wanted to make sure I was getting the best possible service

[Day 19]
I know that, and I know it's not good.

Do you think people do this because they know their body is in danger?

I think so.

And how do you deal with those people?

Well, sometimes people will look in my eyes and say, "Well, this guy just looked too young for me." But I don't think that's true of everyone in my age group. I think it's because they are self-made. They come from different parts of the world, their families, their religions, their backgrounds, their experiences with the world and they are not able to live out their unique lives, but they do love the world and they know that if they have to give up a certain part of their

[Day 20]
If it is, let us say, 'The man who is the best and most beautiful and the one best at doing it is the one I want to love.' When I'm in love, I take my hat off. I think I'm good.

The thing is that this is not a question about your choice, or about your personal life. It's not about me. It's about what I'll do.

We are in a country where people don't always know who they're supposed to be. We don't always know who they're supposed to be. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about all the wonderful people that I've ever known, who I've met or know. I'm talking about the wonderful people who I've talked to or love

[Day 20]
Is this human, this good? What are we doing?"

The child stared at the white-haired woman for a moment. Then she said in a low voice, "You know that girl you loved? What is wrong with you? What is this?"

She did not respond and left, she walked back to the room with her legs spread apart and her arms extended out.

In the next instant, the child could hear the sounds of the voice: "Your lover is dead." The voice turned the child's heart, and he stood up and looked into the eyes of the child.

"You are dead," the voice said. "If you have never seen it before, you know that, I know that you are now alive."

A few minutes

[Day 20]
I was programmed to feel that. I've always been told to love as much as I can. I've always been told to be grateful, to be kind. So my entire existence in this world is a lie. When I try to imagine what it is like, I always get the impression that it is not like this.

It's only when I realize what it is I realize what it is that I feel it's been so long. I've always been a little afraid of that. I've never felt that way. I feel it's like my life. It's like the world around me. It's like my world. It's just an illusion of a little room.

What is it like working with that?

It was so easy. It's

[Day 20]
I believe you're the only one who doesn't understand what you're going through. But what would it be like if I said you should be your mother? I understand what you're feeling. I'm not saying you should become a man. I'm saying that you have the strength to make yourself a woman. I know what you're feeling. This is not a question to be left to someone who's not your child. It's a question to be asked. There's no way that you can change what you're thinking, and that's what I think you deserve. You don't deserve to be a woman. You can't change how you see yourself. But you can change what you think. And that is not the only thing. Change is not what you're going through. Change is what you're feeling — I

[Day 20]
Your pain must be pain."

Ginny watched. It was only after she saw the image of a girl's penis she could get any satisfaction.

"This was something we had to do," she said, "because we weren't supposed to make the choice about the boy and how he would look like."

"Oh my God," Ivan laughed, "we've been told we must get him all the time, and it's been a little confusing, having to go through all that. But I'll get him. I just want him to look like a princess."

Ginny smiled.

"Well, that may not be the right thing to do. But to get that girl to go and be a girl we must make a choice about

[Day 21]
Oh, I don't want to be called a saint.

No, really, you do. And you don't even have to speak to me! You won't even get into the world of your own work. All I ask you is that you please please do something for me and for you. I really am grateful to you.

Why do you ask this? Well, because I'm not a saint, and you have no way of knowing that. I'm quite aware of how bad the situation is in the village. I've always been there, I've always been there, I'm a good person. I never know, but it does feel like I'm in a little room. And if I'm sleeping, you know, and if I'm asleep, you

[Day 21]
Why am I here to do this? Why not? Because this is a decision. It's not that I'm the ideal person, but I'm not going to turn it down.

I can't wait to do what I have to do, even if it means I have to do something about it.

I am not the guy to give up on this. If I had to do this, I'd know it's okay. I'm not going to let this happen.

The fact of the matter is, I didn't choose this life. I chose this life. And I don't regret this decision. I want this to be the greatest of my life, because it's not.

[Day 21]
— I've told myself this once or twice, and now I get it.

When it's all said and done, in a moment of ecstasy, I am ready to walk down the hill, to say that the love of the world is just as wonderful, and yet so mysterious, that it never comes up again.

Then you can see that I am the only one living in a world that is so perfectly natural — because I have always been in a world that is so utterly mysterious. I am the only one who has ever been in the world that is so pure, and yet so perfect in so few words.

I am the one who has ever had all that we can have in a beautiful world that does not have any form of religion. I am the one

[Day 21]
There are always the kinds of words that don't get lost in the sound of this moment. It's because of the emotions in this room that these words of love can be so effective.

That's a wonderful thing about this kind of relationship. I know a lot of people who are upset because of a sudden death that doesn't feel good enough. It's because of a person who has the right to express his feelings.

I remember the first time when I met someone who was so excited. They were very good with a smile.

There's never been anybody who is so passionate about what they're going through, but they're always talking about it. People are always having to come to terms with what they're going through when they first meet you. That's a wonderful feeling to have.

[Day 21]
Why do you feel that I have a special relationship with you?"

"I have many feelings. You are my son. I am your daughter. I am your son-in-law. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. It's my duty to love you, but I don't know why I feel that way, and not only are you my son, but it's also the responsibility of everyone who has a daughter-in-law to look after her, to care for her. This is love and I trust you will understand it."

"I trust you will understand it. You are my son, my wife, my wife, my love. And you can forgive me, accept this, and keep loving me until my

[Day 22]
Why is it that it is what we are, a human being? Why does the thing we are and what we love in it all become the same thing? And so on. Is it that we should be happy with our world and this world we live in as though we were human beings? And if so, are we happy? And if not, how would the mind of such a person be able to make that assumption? It would mean there were some aspects of us we may not know, some aspect of ourselves that could be changed.

I have heard of people saying, "The one thing in life, we know, is that the mind will always be the same. If the person who is happy has it, so will the others. If it is not happy, then

[Day 22]
"I've been through enough of that. It's just that the sense of loss isn't there yet," he said.

Muller said he has no plans to return to the gym once he recovers — but he's thankful for his friend's story.

"We got that part of my heartbroken from where we were, that when I was young and young with my mom, what we were doing was something that I didn't want to do. That is what I hope I can keep doing for me. I wanted to do my best," he said.

Follow the reporter on Twitter @PFF_Joe.

PHOTOS: NFL Season Preview

[Day 22]
Advertisement

The way you feel, I think you're supposed to feel. I can hear you feel a few times, and I think it's because I want to say to you, "Love."

And I've seen it play in the music world. It's a kind of song you've already listened to or felt for a moment. It's the kind of song you want to feel for yourself because you don't want to let any other thing take you by surprise. It's a song where you're trying to push yourself or your self-worth, you're trying to make yourself shine and to really appreciate yourself and try to put yourself in the world like you're doing to your brothers, sisters, your friends — this was the song about the idea of the person who will always be there for you

[Day 22]
It is the only way of saying, of course, that you are my son. If you love me, I shall do everything you ask; if you do not love me, I shall never do it — I will not give you this request. But I shall not give you any help, no promises of help, no promises of happiness.

Let us proceed. You have met this woman: her voice is strong and calm, but it is full of sorrow and sorrowful words. How can a man love her? Let us talk of all the qualities of her which you have just seen. And when we talk about them, it will seem as if we have reached an end. Let us think of what you have seen. The best we can tell you is that she was born in a place where

[Day 22]
Are your nerves, as though they were the most tender in you, so tender and dear? Tell me, is this the best I can do? Tell me, do you even love me? And it would be quite impossible not to feel all the pleasure in this, with such a beautiful, delicious feeling. If you are at all happy with me, or when I have made so great a pleasure of you, you will not be able to describe how wonderful this feels. The little girl who kisses you must be pretty strong. Do you not know, that in such a tender place you can imagine yourself in the arms of someone? But you can't imagine it, and I have no reason to think that you are. The warmth that gives you such a pleasure, will be so great, that

[Day 23]
My mother is not doing anything for her. She doesn't care. How could I? How could this love be allowed to run its course in my body and, by extension, my soul? Is there anything else I can do besides get better?"

She paused for a moment, then said, "Please. No, no. It's too soon to tell."

She looked at him and said, "I'm going to lie down so that you don't have to worry about me, though I know I could hurt you."

He was silent for a moment. "You're so kind to me," he said. "There are so many things that could lead you there. They could be your mother, your sister, the whole family, even your friends. How

[Day 23]
When there is a feeling, I always dream: that that was my way.

In your brain you think, "I dream in my life." You need to know where to go. You need to understand how to move forward.

Your thoughts are like those of a child. They're hard.

Your brain is a living organism.

When you write a sentence, it's almost always in a sentence.

When you hear something, it's almost always in a series of words.

Your brain is a living organism. Your brain is a living organism.

Your brain is a living organism.

When we live in a culture — when we're taught things that are a bit more personal — our brain doesn't feel the same way

[Day 23]
No. I see love as a gift, as something that is present, but if I am to understand it, it needs not be understood, because what this gift must be, I can't tell you — you have to see it as the very foundation. And this is what it's all about. You can't have the foundation. You don't have to see it as an idea, but you can see it as something very powerful. And I'd love to hear from you about it — and it's so much about the foundations of love.

I'd love to hear your answers to these questions. Because I want to, too.

Thank you.

[Day 23]
I'm sorry I can't have my kids here. I didn't mean for it to turn into something like that.

"I'll be very happy to give you a place to live. You know what, it doesn't make sense. It's not going anywhere for this kid."

"Oh, God."

"I don't know who said this."

"You know, it's not like I'm trying to get your kids back. I don't want them to lose out. That's why it's important for us to find a home and a place to live that's comfortable, because I want them here. I want them to be comfortable."

"Why does it feel so good to be here?"

"I just want to get them here so they can have a

[Day 23]
And my first day of school was a disaster! The first day was horrible. Every student had been a part of my life, as always, and I had never seen anything like it. I had never seen anything so horrible and so wonderful. And I felt awful about it. And, my life went on — and I was going to college, and I made a couple of friends on my own, and I lived an amazing life. I would just go to college and go to school, and, if I wanted to, I would do it. I had dreams. I had fun. I had dreams. I could have just as much fun as everyone else. I had to try. And I made sure that there was no one that couldn't just sit in the back of my house

[Day 24]
Why do you dream in your imagination? Why do you dream in your imagination? It was a little after 5:00am, when I woke up. I'm not sure why it happened. Why can't I dream in my own language? Why doesn't the world know what it wants to know? I don't want to be the only person in the world who is dreaming — that's not a dream. I know it's a dream. I am dreaming, and when I wake up to see the ceiling on my bed, it's all just about dreaming.

My mind is a dream-scape, but it's not a space where I can see things. I can feel the way I am moving around — I can feel that I am moving in a way that has been

[Day 24]
We will not be alone in this struggle.

We will not be alone, but that is only true for me.

A dream is a dream. And for me, you are the only living living person whose dream, when you dream, is the dream of your future. Your future is a dream.

That dream of yours is the future I will live forever in. That's the future I will live forever in.

That dream of yours, it has a place in me, because I know that it will never end.

A dream, it represents everything that is true.

A dream, it is a place in me, because I know that it will never end.

A dream, it is a place in me, because I

[Day 24]
Your soul's not mine to control, to control, that is all. I don't care who you are. You belong to me. I'm yours. You're the one who controls us. I'm mine. This is all mine. But you shouldn't care. This is all yours. If you have the power to destroy people like me, you should. If you have the power to end it all, you should. And if you've been so weak, you're going to have to do your best to win. I want to save you. I want to bring you back to life. And if you don't do that, I will end this world. For as long as you can remember, I will kill you.

Chapter 4, The Unending, Contin

[Day 24]
I believe you should give it to me. This is why I have decided to become a priest, and to be the guide of all the priests.

I do not know what you will say to me, but I am willing to learn. I shall give you what you ask. There is only one thing that can be done. If your desire is love, then you are willing to do it. If you want to be called a priest, then let it be your duty. Otherwise you are just a servant of Satan.

You must keep a good work, but let it be done with sincerity. Let it be done with devotion, and let it be done with a devotion to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

You must always take my word for your word, and I will prove

[Day 24]
Can you imagine the pain I have felt? You are the way you are, right? And that is why I'm leaving you. Now, I know that I could never leave you — that all of your pain is yours — but you must not lose you. I know I can no longer feel you; I can no longer feel you at all. So you may call me, but I won't go. That is why, I must stay. And now I am leaving you. This pain is mine, and I don't have another, or any other. You may have the most beautiful voice ever heard in my life, and I believe you will love me for it. But, love is not to be made from bones or from a corpse, but from the face of a human

[Day 25]
Is there something more to it? — And, I know, I think I've said a lot about her before. But the other thing I've got to admit is that I'm really really in love with her. She is my hero. It's her life that I'm most dedicated to and I mean that in the best possible way. I love her. I have a lot of respect for her. And when you think about the life she's given me, I love her. I would rather I could do all of that than put all of my money into things that could hurt her, like her kids, or her school, or her health, because I know that when you're a bad person, you can't live with that. I'd rather live with this bad person.

[Day 25]
It is because you are human that you have such a hard time holding off on love, no matter how much you love it. You have a lot of problems with love, you know. We all have the problems with love — love is difficult. Love has no real answer for your problems. And yet, you feel love, and you have done so well at the end of the day.

The end of the day, I say, is the beginning of my life. And now I will put all my efforts into this and make it right for my family and for myself. And I will spend eternity in that. I will live in that, because I truly believe that, in your own work, you are going to do it.

I will say this:

The most important part

[Day 25]
When I see it, I want to tell you what I see. Because, I must tell you, I cannot tell you what I felt. I feel like it — I feel like it was like a part of me. Like a part of me. Like a part of me. My body is empty and I feel like it's empty and I have no power to do something. It was empty and it was empty. I think, oh my God — you don't know what this is about? You can't figure out what this is about. You can't figure out what is wrong with this. You're a person who is alone. You must think — you must be alone. You must be free to feel that this is just something, that this is the way it is, that this is the way it was.

[Day 25]
This feeling of gratitude? Oh, it is love. It's like seeing a girl's hand on the edge of your dresser. It's not really that big of a deal, though. It's just that there is more to this world that I can't imagine. So what are you doing, boy?

"I'm fine," says K.

"I've been doing this for years. I've been here for a lot longer. I don't care whether the government agrees or not. It's just that I have to find the right thing to do for myself, and I can do it. But you know why? Because you've been here for long enough. You've been here for long enough. You know how hard it is for you to let go of

[Day 25]
The fact is, no one does a lot of things for a man. It's hard to describe, but I'm certain one of the most successful men I know has been a man of my age.

I don't know why. I am just sure.

I'm sure when I come out of retirement, you will be the same.

It will take me a long, long time.

And I'd better not make a big deal of it, because I don't want to.

If I had an opportunity to put my mind to it, perhaps I'd have asked myself the same thing that we're asked when we're talking about other people.

But if you want to be honest, I have to say I'm pretty

[Day 26]
Oh yes, that's so true. I mean, I can tell myself it's okay, and I don't have to do this anymore. But it's still like the first day I was born.

It is.

A-ahh, I can't help it.

It's true.

But it's not so normal anymore.

You will see soon enough.

Ahh, and we were together, and I am, and all I have for now is this one thing.

Ahh, yes, yes, yes. Thank you.

Thank you for being so kind. Thank you for making so many friends. Thank you for making our lives so much better.

Thank you for being like me.

[Day 26]
I wish you would just accept this answer. I wish you would be able to give your life to me. I wish you to give me your courage. You are not going to change. You are going to change your life.

I wish you to accept my faith.

I wish you to become a better human being. I hope you will accept my faith.

I hope you will be able to give up hope.

I wish you to embrace the love that is in you.

I wish you to become a father. I wish you to be a mother. I wish you to be a good man.

I wish you to be a good judge.

I wish you to take the love that you've given.

[Day 26]
And I love you. I love you too much to think of you as my sister. I love you in this way, so much so that I still feel a terrible need for your love."

When the two boys asked why they didn't take a stroll down the streets of their neighborhood, they all said they wouldn't because they weren't allowed to do so. "And so many of us who live here now don't know that these two boys wanted to leave us. I'm just trying to remember them, so that they will never have to leave us," said the older boy. "So I'd rather be left than go without a second thought."

If you can't remember one of your family members, it's probably because of this.

In many cases, the lack of an explanation for why

[Day 26]
Is this normal?

"Yes," I said. "Yes. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. I'm sorry to tell you, but I'm here. I'm here because I want to be with you."

"But not with you?" the older girl asked. "You want to have sex with me — to me."

I nodded my head. "Yes, I am. You're asking me to have sex with you — to me. Don't you see — I'm telling you this. You're asking me to have sex with me. Don't you realize this is a choice?"

"No, it's not a choice," she said, her voice still grave. "The choice I'm making.

[Day 26]
A very few years ago I found out that the French were trying to get the warring parties to agree to the terms of the Geneva Convention. My reply was this: They can't be bothered to negotiate. The French have said that if the Geneva Convention does not stop, the French will not be willing to give up their right to defend themselves and their allies. The Geneva Convention may not have been drafted by Napoleon, but it was signed and ratified by all of France and the whole world. The French are in control. The war in Europe will end.

You are right. This is what it has to do with the other people of the world. When the Soviet Union went into government, it did not just throw out its own people but also put it under the control of the people of

[Day 27]
It will never, ever pass by my mind again. I do not want it to be this way. I want to say something: 'This is the way to be.' I want to tell you, dear girl, this is the way. I want to speak to you about this. This is what I know, and it is something that is not mine, for I can say nothing, but I know you want it to be like that. It is not right that I should have to say all these things and make my life to hear them. I do not want this. I don't want it to be this way. I have made love to you. I have made love to you, and I love you even more than I love myself. I have made love to you because I love

[Day 27]
I know for a fact that it is not love at all — love is all there is. The love I feel for my wife and for our beautiful kids is the love I've ever had for them.

"So I'm now at a place where I'm not going to go to school. I'm going to see some movies. I'm going to take this business into my own hands," he said. "I'm not giving up on that. I don't care what your parents do. I don't care what the way you dress your mother is. I don't care what you think about your country. I don't care what you do with your time. I don't care what you think about your kids. But I'm going to go out into this world, and I'm going to go where no

[Day 27]
When it's done, this will be an experience that will truly change you. No longer will you be afraid of the pain that awaits you. You will always be ready to face this pain. That is your reality and it'll be there for you to see. This is your life. This is your story. Let's go home. We have to go home. That's all I can think of. And you can make that decision. That's why we can only make things that are best for you. Let's go home. I'm sure we can make the best of it. Go home. Go home. If you don't love, what do I deserve? If you don't care about me, what do I deserve? It's time for you to choose. You will

[Day 27]
When you feel love, you'll feel it, you'll feel that love, it will be so powerful you'll take it, it will take you to a place and that is what we are here to experience.

I don't understand why you think love is so powerful and I understand how I feel it. It is the power of love that has made us here.

You can't ask, "Why?" I don't know why you are so passionate. But there is something there.

You have to feel something, you have to feel. It has to be this.

When I told you, in my last interview you said, "I want to be the one to give a voice to others, I want to be the one to walk

[Day 27]
And you're not just a human. You're a kind human. I'm sure, you're also the most beautiful man alive. It's so good that I've always wanted to tell you about your life, but I never did, because, so, so badly... so badly. It was just so, so... you are so beautiful. It is so... it is so, so… It is so good. You are so, so... beautiful. If I could, I would. Because you are so beautiful, so beautiful. You are the most beautiful man alive, and I am so proud of you for doing so well. My heart has always been in your side, and it is so, so... it is so, so... it is so wonderful. I mean...

[Day 28]
Love is the most important thing in human life.

As I have said, love — a feeling of love — is the only thing that can ever make you happy. And the only way you can do that is by having love.

If you love me, I'll tell you how it all began. When we were two, we had two girlfriends. We started dating on a whim, because we'd gotten married and we were just so thrilled. But then we got married, and we thought, oh my God, we're going to get married this year! Well, we didn't. Because, as you said, we weren't very good friends.

We dated, but I didn't know, because we were so fucking obsessed with each other. And, then, we were a

[Day 28]
And my parents were just as well off as I am.

I remember thinking about what I would have done if I were a grown-up. I would have seen that my children were special and loved me.

I am a woman of color. I have come out of a situation where the reality of my life was that it was about privilege.

I was the son of a woman who owned a small house, a family that was very hard hit by the racism. But when my mother left me, my own experience that my life was taken from me was a direct result of her loss.

I was only about 5 years old when my mother ran away from her family. That is the reality of black kids. I was just as ashamed as my white parents, and

[Day 28]
I feel very much the same. I am very glad. But I am very far off. I do not know if I have a home, but I am quite sure that something must be going on here. I have no way of knowing the exact cause. We will have to check first, and then, if we do not succeed in convincing ourselves, we will have to leave and move to a new location. What do you think? I want to go for it. I want to see my friends, so I can get back here soon. If I want to, it is not the matter of leaving yet. Now how come we don't have to leave now? I have to move there. I need more time to come back. Do you know the way out of here?"

[Day 28]
So I am going to put my hand on her thigh, just as I did when I was a kid. This is my wife, so let me take care of this now. I want this as I would a child, just as I would a young adult. I want this, my husband, to see me and love me. He deserves this. I will take it for as long as he needs it.

Advertisement


But, really, it's a miracle that it works like this: I can't let this go. That you can't let it go. I can't let it go. I've got to try it.

But it's not working. I can't make it work. It's not happening. And I will be out. I'll be out. I

[Day 28]
When we don't know how to understand, we think we know nothing.

He said she wanted to be "a normal person" for a while. He told her the "biggest misconception" was that she was the only person he knew. He said he had a family that helped her grow into a woman. She had no idea he was telling her that she would have to leave the house.

He said he doesn't think she'll be leaving until she's "sitting through it all." He told her to be "really honest with yourself and what you think" and she needed to "get back on track."

So he walked into a room with her and told her: "You're my best friend. Go ahead and go get her and tell her

[Day 29]
If you like it, I'll buy you a bottle of champagne. You'll never know.

We had so many new things to add to the list — a new world, a new family, a new life. And it was very satisfying to have this new place of family that we knew as we traveled, to know our world and to know how to share it with others. The last few years have been very rewarding for us and for our family, and I will miss them. And I think I will never ever forget those days.

We got to know our community at a much younger age than most of us do today. We could talk a lot about how we loved how we went through this time, how we changed our family. But to have this love and help

[Day 29]
I'm now in a relationship that does not work for me."

Lorenzo's mother also recalled a time when, at an early age, she heard her son express her joy in a way that reminded her of his grandmother.

"He said, 'I love you,'" Lorenzo recalled. "He would say, 'You should not be afraid to be honest, you are a beautiful man, I'll love you for that.'"

Today, Lorenzo has a girlfriend who is not a single mom. Her stepfather, George Miller, told a local newspaper, "It's not something we want to be, but if we make it, it will be nice to meet you."

[Day 29]
It's so strong, and so powerful, I can't help it.

What I love, I will love, and I will love — I will love this wonderful feeling, that this incredible feeling has somehow been captured, that this is so natural, and so so very real and so very lovely and so wonderful, all of that is being taken away. And there has been a sort of realization — there has been an realization that this is the kind of thing that is happening, and that this is something that I feel, and this is what I will feel, is what I want, and this is what I want.

So, it's not just that I love this feeling. It's that, over time, it's become really difficult for me to realize that it's just really just that it's not

[Day 29]
I know it's a sign of the world, but in it there's also a longing. I want to see the world, and the way it's made me feel, but when the love is present, I can't make any sense of it, even though I know that's what I'm doing. I can't say that love is my destiny, or even that it's not. In fact, it's all I can think of. It's not really there — not in your code.


This is how we know love, and we know that love is something in that form. It's that form that we find in life: in a sense, it's our love, that we're the best we can be. And when we are there, we're loved.

[Day 29]
I know that if the feeling of love can be expressed in such a way as to be felt and known, it will not be a lie. It will certainly be found within the spirit of love, not in the mere existence of things. It will not be lost; it will be found within the spirit of death, for it will cease and will be found within the spirit of peace. The only way to avoid all this is to be content. It can only be that which is true and right, and which must remain true and right in all cases, for it is possible that the same will may be true and true all the time in its infinite course. (2) All human beings are of human, if not human, essence, and may not be the same as men. All human beings are not the same as men

[Day 30]
It is not like me being a child — it is only like the feeling of seeing a father who is very young, because it is too late for me. It is like the feeling of seeing a father who is still young — that is, seeing a son who is still young.

I've said it before, my daughter and I. It's true. And it's true because I had to be in love with myself. This doesn't mean I can't love, and that is the way I see it. You can look to yourself, and say, 'Well, if the world is going to get any better and I don't need a father to grow up and be good enough to feel good about myself, and I don't want to suffer or die or cry or have any

[Day 30]
A: No. I think I know it. I know what they want, and what they have, and what they want I believe. I think there's a wonderful, wonderful thing happening for us. But I've got a feeling about myself that we need to be in that moment — when, as in all this, we've done a lot better.

Q: And how much more did it cost to do the movie?

A: That depends on where you look. The director was very clear that this was not a commercial — "I'm not going to make money making movies." That's not true. There's just no money made.

Q: What was that like to you?

A: I love it. I love the director so much, but

[Day 30]
A moment has gone by when I do not think of love. No, I do not think of love, though I think of happiness and hope. It does not seem so to me. What do I want? A man or a woman? The only thing I want is love. I do not desire to be with you, but I want to love you because of this love. What I want is love to be with you.

"You will need to find another way. This would be easy. There are no other ways. There is only this idea that love is something you can love, which is why I do not seek it. All I wish for is love to be with me. You are no longer my bride. Love is not my way. I am not yours. I am not

[Day 30]
Why, what are you doing here?

I was walking down the street with my kids this morning. I was looking around in the mirror with a feeling of hope that someone's going to see me. I looked at the street. I felt all the emotions I had been looking for the longest time. I was scared. I was angry and I was scared that someone would see me and that I was going to die. I had been praying all day, just for a moment, that somebody would see me and see that I was going to die. And I did. And on that first day, I felt so happy to see myself.

I remember walking up to my husband's house on the other side of the street, looking up at him like a kid in a candy store

[Day 30]
When it is not, I can't help thinking that it is love, too.

"My dad always called me 'the white man in the bathtub.' It's like, 'Daddy, we're going to do it.' I was like, 'Okay, here comes the white man in the bathtub. I want you to love me, daddy.' I was like, 'Dad, you know, I don't need this. I'm going to be loved.' He's like, 'No. No.' He said it with a kind of grace and a gentle voice. I mean, it's like it could have been you, but he's so much more like that than that. But it's great."

Merry Christmas, everybody.

